chore(docs): docs with installation instructions/backup instructions (#97)
openebs/dynamic-localpv-provisioner: docs/tutorials/hostpath/nodeaffinitylabel.md

# Use a unique Node-Selector label

Hostpath LocalPV uses the Kubernetes Node label `kubernetes.io/hostname=<node-name>` to uniquely identifly a node.

> In some cases, this label is not persistent across Node reboots and/or Node crashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, this label (`hostname`) is not unique across all the nodes in the cluster. This was seen on clusters provisioned with bash across different fault domains.
```

> In some cases, this label (`hostname`) is not unique across all the nodes in the cluster. This was seen on clusters provisioned with bash across different fault domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, this label (`hostname`) is not unique across all the nodes in the cluster. This was seen on clusters provisioned with [bosh](https://bosh.io/docs/) across different fault domains.
```
